HARRY, I AM BORED, AND I AM REALLY NOT SURE WHY I HAVE BEEN EXILED TO THE ARCHAEOLOGISTS. DID I DO SOMETHING TO UPSET SOMEONE? I AM REALLY, REALLY HOPING THAT OUR OVERLORDS WILL FIND SOMETHING A BIT MORE RELEVANT FOR ME TO TACKLE SOON. THE GROUP HERE IS GREAT, BUT IT FEELS LIKE THERE IS A DIMINISHING RETURN ON BREAKING WWII CIPHERS SEVENTY-SIX YEARS ON, AND EVEN THE COLD WAR FIALKA INTERCEPT PILE DOESN'T SEEM TO BE GIVING MUCH BACK. IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANYTHING FOR ME TO WORK ON, THEN MAYBE YOU COULD SEND OVER SOME NEWBIES FOR ME TO TRAIN UP? WE RECEIVED A STACK OF MATERIAL FROM LONDON A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO THAT MIGHT MAKE A GOOD EXERCISE FOR THEM, AND WHILE THE FIRST FEW TEXTS ARE RELATIVELY SIMPLE, IT WOULD BE A GOOD EXERCISE FOR YOUNG ANALYSTS TO TRY TO WORK OUT WHAT THEY ARE TELLING US. I HAVE ATTACHED THE FIRST ITEM FROM THE BATCH SO YOU CAN SEE WHAT I MEAN. I WOULD VERY DEARLY LIKE TO KNOW WHAT "THE GREAT MATTER" REFERS TO, AND I SUSPECT YOU WILL WANT TO KNOW TOO. THE RECRUITS DON'T NEED TO KNOW MUCH TO BREAK THIS ONE; IF THEY HAVE DONE OUR INDUCTION TRAINING ON BASIC CIPHERS, THEY SHOULD BE FINE. MY COLLEAGUES HERE HAVE NICKNAMED THIS FILE THE LIGHTHOUSE CONSPIRACY, BECAUSE OF WHERE THE PAPERS WERE FOUND. THAT MAKES IT SOUND A LOT MORE IMPRESSIVE THAN IT FIRST LOOKS, BUT YOU NEVER KNOW WHERE SOMETHING LIKE THIS MIGHT LEAD. I HAVE SET UP A SECURE ONLINE SYSTEM SO THE TRAINEES CAN GET ACCESS TO CASE FILES AND SEND ME THEIR ATTEMPTS AT DECIPHERING. IF YOU POINT THEM THERE, THEN I WILL CHECK HOW THEY ARE GETTING ON. MAYBE THEY COULD LOOK AT THE BOSS CODEBREAKING GUIDE AS WELL IF THEY NEED TO BRUSH UP THEIR SKILLS. ALL THE BEST, JODIE